hey guys out welcome to toy review TV
and another Ben 10 omniverse action
figure review this time up for review it
is the awesome crashhopper this is the
scale scale the down version we did get
to the sound hey Leah well this is a
smaller version does come with the
omnitrix's challenge and minifigure as
well the nametag the usual Ben 10
omniverse packaging there with the
plastic blister on the front and some of
the previous figures shown on the back
and the Omnitrix challenge as well this
will cost around about five pounds and
99 pence here in the UK but they can go
around seven pounds ninety-nine each
depending on where you shop well guys
this open crush popper up and take a
good look okay so here is crashhopper
out of the packaging and before I do go
any further let's bring it crashhopper
the sound alien in and there you can see
the difference in size and style as well
this is the largest sound alien so you
can see how how scaled-down this newer
figure is compared to that one we'll
take these sound alien or white and
let's have a look firstly at the
Omnitrix Challenger minifigure as you
can see this one does flex a lot it's
very flexible so it's quite a robbery in
fact compared to the other ones we've
had but still some really nice detail on
that of crashhopper
in the same color green as the action
figure size another call addition to
these Omnitrix challenge figures and
here is the figure itself looking really
awesome I love that face on this figure
looks really cool looks like he has a
big cheesy green and this head will move
slightly up and down and left and right
as well and we have all this cool detail
on the body we have the Omnitrix a
symbol there in the middle of the body
and then we also have the arms which you
can move at the top by the shoulder
but they won't move anywhere else at the
elbow or at the wrist but they are a
little flexible but so that is ease now
going down to the legs we can move the
legs at the top there and also at the
knee you have these really cool legs
lots of detail they these really big
feet as well you'll see he's a
grasshopper so he has to have these big
powerful legs or grasshoppers do they
can move these legs quite far back as
you can see they will touch the abdomen
at the back and there are the feet at
the bottom now I'm the reality to see we
have this awesome details while running
down to the back a little more detail to
the rear of the head as well as some
more detail to the rear of the leg so
this is one awesome looking figure and a
great addition to the new Ben 10
omniverse action figure line and of
course he does look really cool next to
he's sound alien figure there
well the happy guy that is another great
addition to the Ben 10 omniverse line
please let me know your thoughts in the
comments box below and please make sure
you stay tuned for more awesome toy
reviews and I'll catch you next time
here on toy review TV